AX-TOOLBOX SCORER: GETTING STARTED

Initial observations: an event can have one or more competitions. Pilots can 
participate in one or more competitions. A competition may consist of all or 
part of the tasks. 

At any time, Event> Save to save all the information, Event> Load to recover. 
Event> Save to XML is only for debug purposes to see what is stored. 

Any change takes effect immediately except in the publication of results. You 
should save the event information often, and if you mess it up, recover the last 
recording. 


Normal process:


1: To edit the event information: Event> Edit. You should save the event here. 
All the pdf output generated later will end in the same folder you save the 
event. 

2: To edit the list of competitions: Competition> Edit. Add to add new 
competitions, rightclick> Remove to remove the unwanted ones. 

3: To edit the list of pilots: Pilots> Edit. Add to add pilots one by one, 
rightclick> Remove to remove them. Import to import the entire list from a .csv 
file.  

4: To edit the list of pilots in each competition, rightclick on the desired 
competition list on the left> Edit competition pilots. Rightclick over the 
pilot> Remove to remove the pilot. You can not add pilots. If you mess up and 
delete the wrong one, rightclick on the desired competition> Reset competition 
pilots resets the list with all the event pilots and you can start again. 

5: To edit the list of tasks of the event: Tasks> Edit. Add to add new tasks, 
rightclick> Remove to remove them. 

6: To edit the list of tasks for each competition. Works as paragraph 4. 

7: To edit the task results: rightclick on the desired task from the list on the 
left> Edit task results. There are some special values: "-": no manual 
measurement (it will be used when importing results from FlightAnalyzer), "NF": 
no flight, "NR": no result. Import to import the results from a .csv file. 
Randomize to get random measures and penalties for test purposes. When you are 
finished editing, click Save. An "M" will appear beside the name of the task. 
It indicates that there is a manual result. 

8: To compute the task scores: rightclick on the desired task from the list on 
the left> Compute score. A "C" will appear beside the name of the task. It tells 
that the scores are already calculated. It will compute a score for each 
competition.

9: To produce listings: Output menu> wathever you want. Everything wil produce 
one or more pdf files stored in the same folder of the event. 

10: To change a score version/revision date: rightclick on the desired task from 
the list on the left> Change status. 


Steps 6 to 10 can be repeated as necessary. 
